1. Build the library as:
```bash
zig build-lib mylib.zig
```

2. Run the main file as:
```bash
zig build run
```

The `exe.exe` file is the executable file that was built from your `main.zig` source file. You can run this file to execute your program.

The `exe.pdb` file is a Program Database (PDB) file that contains debugging information for your `exe.exe` executable. This file is generated by the Zig compiler when building your executable in debug mode. The debugging information in the PDB file can be used by a debugger to help you debug your program.

If you don't need to debug your program, you can safely ignore the `exe.pdb` file. If you want to reduce the size of your executable and speed up the build process, you can build your executable in release mode by passing the `-Drelease-safe=true` or `-Drelease-fast=true` option to the `zig build` command. This will build your executable without generating a PDB file.

The `mylib.lib` file is a static library file that was built from your `mylib.zig` source file. A static library is a collection of object files that can be linked with other object files to create an executable or another library. In your case, the `mylib.lib` file contains the object code for the `add` function defined in your `mylib.zig` file.

The `mylib.lib.obj` file is an intermediate object file that was generated by the Zig compiler when building the `mylib.lib` static library. This file contains the compiled object code for the `mylib.zig` source file. The Zig compiler combines this object file with other object files (if any) to create the final `mylib.lib` static library.

You can link against the `mylib.lib` static library when building your `exe` executable to use the `add` function from the library in your program. The `mylib.lib.obj` file is an intermediate file that is used by the Zig compiler during the build process and can be safely ignored.
